1. test how many chunks per char to decide whether i need to compress them further or not
2. add streaming mode: messages will appear one by one also it will show users thinking reasoing bla bla
3. currently rewritten query is done using a long prompt, few shot examples, and the previous question, instead i want to give previous pairs and see if it works well with that or not
4. RnD on making a router that will decide what to go into the pipeline #done
5. test retrieval scores (distance scores) to filter that have lower scores #done
6. create docker file and run with docker
7. run redis and chroma with docker 
8. run with vllm #done
9. add new collections for qna pairs of soil test, office info, porokh #done for office info
10. add images as well 
11. send dynamic questions for suggestion
12. add a simple algorithm on retrieval that will compute mean and std of the distance scores and filter when it sees a big cap (greater than mean+std) #done in different way



13. chemical infos need to be added in pesticides chunks #done
14. additional cost info chunk is not added yet #done
15. test with multiple questions to verify rewritten query or raw query should be passed to generator #done, raw passed
16. add a layer that will decide if previous history/compressed chunk is enough to answer the correct question or not 
17. statistically analysis how many chars each chunk contains, avg min max etc #done
18. decide how calculations would be done if toools needed or normal context passing will work
19. set another threshold on reranker when the unsual gap is false, remove chunks that has less score then the first one (70 is the threshold)
20. skip scores in metadata prefix #done

21. added an llm layer that converts big chunks into two chunks and saved the chunks in db
22. rnd on how to implement text to sql using sqlite that will execute query without connecting to main vm

23. currently rewrite layer biased towards crop query, it should consider company query, soil test query follow ups based on chat history
24. calculation
